doc: Fix video/audio component documents (#779)
Unity-Technologies/UnityRenderStreaming: com.unity.renderstreaming/Documentation~/audio-streaming.md

| Parameter | Description | Default |
| --------- | ----------- | ------- |
| **Audio Source Type** | Choose the type of source for your audio streaming.  <br/> - *Audio Listener* <br/> - *Audio Source* <br/> - *Microphone* | *Audio Listener* |
| *Audio Listener* | [`Audio Listener`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/AudioSource.html) instance for sending audio | |
| *Audio Source* | [`Audio Source`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/AudioSource.html) instance for sending audio | |
| *Microphone Device Index* | The index of the video input device to be used. See [Microphone.devices](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Microphone-devices.html). | 0 |

> | *Auto Request User Authorization* | Whether request permission to use any video input sources. You don't need to enable it if you call [Application.RequestUserAuthorization](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Application.RequestUserAuthorization.html) yourself. | Enabled |

Reviewer: I think that not only video input but also microphone as well

```suggestion
| *Auto Request User Authorization* | Whether request permission to use microphone. You don't need to enable it if you call [Application.RequestUserAuthorization](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Application.RequestUserAuthorization.html) yourself. | Enabled |
```
